docs updates (#597)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/dag_scheduler.md

Learn more about developing custom node in the [custom node developer guide](custom_node_development.md)

## Demultiplexing data

During the pipeline execution, it is possible to split a request with mulitple batches into a set of branches with a single batch.
That way a model configured with a batch size 1, can process requests with arbitrary batch size. Internally, OVMS demultiplexer will
divide the data, process them in parallel and combine the results. 

De-multiplication of the node output is enabled in the configuration file by adding `demultiply_count`. 
It assumes the batches are combined on the first dimension which is dropped after splitting. For example:
- a node returns output with shape `[8,1,3,224,224]`

> - demuliplexer created 8 requests with shape `[1,3,224,224]`

Reviewer: Keep one tense
```suggestion
- demuliplexer creates 8 requests with shape `[1,3,224,224]`
```

> - next model process in parallel 8 requests with output shape `[1,1001]` each.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- next model processes in parallel 8 requests with output shape `[1,1001]` each.
```

> - results will be combined into a single output with shape `[8,1,1001]`

Reviewer: This is too vague as it can suggest that the next model will do the gathering.

> - results will be combined into a single output with shape `[8,1,1001]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- results are combined into a single output with shape `[8,1,1001]`
```
